Goal:
Update the HubSpot AI Credit Calculator app to include clearer inline help text and a more detailed Prospecting Agent calculation.
All help text should be visible directly under input fields — not hidden behind info icons or hover states.

✳️ Updates Required
🧩 1. Customer Agent Calculation Section

Change:
Add visible help text below the input field for the Customer Agent.

New Help Text:

“Estimate how many tickets or conversations each customer support agent is expected to handle per month. This helps calculate the AI cost per agent based on real workload.”

Implementation:

Display this text below or next to the label “Customer Agent Calculation” (e.g., inside a <p> tag styled as small, muted text: text-sm text-gray-500 mt-1).

Ensure the field still accepts numeric input for monthly tickets/conversations.

🧩 2. Prospecting Agent (Monitor Contact) Section

Change:
Add two new input fields under the Prospecting Agent section, both required for calculation logic.

New Inputs:

Meetings or Demos Needed per Month → numeric field

Expected Conversion Rate (%) → numeric field (between 1–100)

New Help Text (visible under each):

For Meetings or Demos Needed:

“How many qualified meetings or demos do you expect your prospecting agent to book per month?”

For Conversion Rate (%):

“What is your expected conversion rate from outreach to booked meetings? (e.g., 5%, 10%, 20%)”

New Calculation Logic:
Add a derived field (auto-calculated, read-only) for:

Contacts to Monitor = Meetings or Demos Needed ÷ (Conversion Rate / 100)

Display the result dynamically in the Prospecting Agent section under the new fields:

“You’ll need to monitor approximately X contacts per month.”

Example:
If user enters

Meetings = 20

Conversion = 5%
→ Display “You’ll need to monitor approximately 400 contacts per month.”

🧩 3. UI & Style

Use the same card or section layout style already present in the app (Tailwind + shadcn).

Help texts should be always visible (no tooltips/icons). Use small muted text style.

Align new fields neatly under the Prospecting Agent section title.

The dynamic calculated “contacts to monitor” value should be styled as subtle emphasized text — e.g., text-md font-semibold text-purple-600 mt-2.

🧩 4. Validation

Meetings and conversion fields should both be required numeric values.

Conversion rate must be between 1 and 100.

Show a soft validation message if values are missing or out of range.

🧩 5. Example Layout (for clarity)
🧠 Prospecting Agent (Monitor Contact)

[Meetings or Demos Needed per Month] [input]
How many qualified meetings or demos do you expect your prospecting agent to book per month?

[Expected Conversion Rate (%)] [input]
What is your expected conversion rate from outreach to booked meetings? (e.g., 5%, 10%, 20%)

➡️ You’ll need to monitor approximately 400 contacts per month.

🧩 6. Optional Enhancement (if easy)

Add a small “Reset Values” button at the bottom of the form to clear all inputs.

✅ Acceptance Criteria

All help texts are always visible (no hover tooltips).

Prospecting Agent section now includes new inputs + calculated contacts.

Calculations update dynamically as user types.

All layout, colors, and spacing remain consistent with current design.

🧠 Developer Note

If the app is using React with Tailwind (likely), locate the component handling these inputs (probably CustomerAgentCard and ProspectingAgentCard) and modify:

useState hooks for new fields.

Add a derived state:

const contactsToMonitor = conversionRate > 0 
  ? Math.round(meetingsNeeded / (conversionRate / 100))
  : 0;


Display that value below inputs.

Now implement all of the above and redeploy the updated calculator.